: Further inequality constraints. Cell-array containing up to four entries, two entries for linear inequality constraints and/or one or two entries for general inequality constraints. Either linear or general constraints may be the first entries, but the two entries for linear constraints must be adjacent and, if two entries are given for general constraints, they also must be adjacent. The two entries for linear constraints are a matrix (say m) and a vector (say v), specifying linear inequality constraints of the form m.' * parameters + v >= 0. The first entry for general constraints must be a differentiable vector valued function (say h), specifying general inequality constraints of the form h (p[, idx]) >= 0; p is the column vector of optimized paraters and the optional argument idx is a logical index. h has to return the values of all constraints if idx is not given. It may choose to return only the indexed constraints if idx is given (so computation of the other constraints can be spared); in this case, the additional setting inequc_f_idx has to be set to true. In gradient determination, this function may be called with an informational third argument, whose content depends on the function for gradient determination. If a second entry for general inequality constraints is given, it must be a function computing the jacobian of the constraints with respect to the parameters. For this function, the description of dfdp above applies, with 2 exceptions: 1) it is called with 3 arguments since it has an additional argument idx: Further inequality constraints. Cell-array containing up to four entries, two entries for linear inequality constraints and/or one or two entries for general inequality constraints. Either linear or general constraints may be the first entries, but the two entries for linear constraints must be adjacent and, if two entries are given for general constraints, they also must be adjacent. The two entries for linear constraints are a matrix (say m) and a vector (say v), specifying linear inequality constraints of the form m.' * parameters + v >= 0. The first entry for general constraints must be a differentiable vector valued function (say h), specifying general inequality constraints of the form h (p[, idx]) >= 0; p is the column vector of optimized paraters and the optional argument idx is a logical index. h has to return the values of all constraints if idx is not given. It may choose to return only the indexed constraints if idx is given (so computation of the other constraints can be spared); in this case, the additional setting inequc_f_idx has to be set to true. In gradient determination, this function may be called with an informational third argument, whose content depends on the function for gradient determination. If a second entry for general inequality constraints is given, it must be a function computing the jacobian of the constraints with respect to the parameters. For this function, the description of dfdp above applies, with 2 exceptions: 1) it is called with 3 arguments since it has an additional argument idx: Further inequality constraints. Cell-array containing up to four entries, two entries for linear inequality constraints and/or one or two entries for general inequality constraints. Either linear or general constraints may be the first entries, but the two entries for linear constraints must be adjacent and, if two entries are given for general constraints, they also must be adjacent. The two entries for linear constraints are a matrix (say m) and a vector (say v), specifying linear inequality constraints of the form m.' * parameters + v >= 0. The first entry for general constraints must be a differentiable vector valued function (say h), specifying general inequality constraints of the form h (p[, idx]) >= 0; p is the column vector of optimized paraters and the optional argument idx is a logical index. h has to return the values of all constraints if idx is not given. It may choose to return only the indexed constraints if idx is given (so computation of the other constraints can be spared); in this case, the additional setting inequc_f_idx has to be set to true. In gradient determination, this function may be called with an informational third argument, whose content depends on the function for gradient determination. If a second entry for general inequality constraints is given, it must be a function computing the jacobian of the constraints with respect to the parameters. For this function, the description of dfdp above applies, with 2 exceptions: 1) it is called with 3 arguments since it has an additional argument idx: Further inequality constraints. Cell-array containing up to four entries, two entries for linear inequality constraints and/or one or two entries for general inequality constraints. Either linear or general constraints may be the first entries, but the two entries for linear constraints must be adjacent and, if two entries are given for general constraints, they also must be adjacent. The two entries for linear constraints are a matrix (say m) and a vector (say v), specifying linear inequality constraints of the form m.' * parameters + v >= 0. The first entry for general constraints must be a differentiable vector valued function (say h), specifying general inequality constraints of the form h (p[, idx]) >= 0; p is the column vector of optimized paraters and the optional argument idx is a logical index. h has to return the values of all constraints if idx is not given. It may choose to return only the indexed constraints if idx is given (so computation of the other constraints can be spared); in this case, the additional setting inequc_f_idx has to be set to true. In gradient determination, this function may be called with an informational third argument, whose content depends on the function for gradient determination. If a second entry for general inequality constraints is given, it must be a function computing the jacobian of the constraints with respect to the parameters. For this function, the description of dfdp above applies, with 2 exceptions: 1) it is called with 3 arguments since it has an additional argument idx